yeah initial impression I've come to
tazzie I don't really know what to
expect you know I heard it was windy
rainy which is truth you know I'm just
having fun
just cruising hanging around
the start of the was fun I'm just
kind of taking approach in this year you
know just kind of going out there
surfing and you know just kind of got
there have some fun and you know
whatever happens happens but just learn
from every mistake that you make and
just give it a good go really and yeah
you know just make it a good year when I
come to these events you know especially
the qsr events I I kind of just come
here just to see and I all the talent
all the voice for rapping and you know
just to kind of get it it's still early
in the year so I just kind of tell me I
get my feet wet and get back into
contests mode and you know just trying
to you know win some money and do good
for my sponsors
definitely had a lot to learn than the
59 I've never really served metalman
heat something out any set fun I think
that whole year on the qsr was the first
time I surf metal that heats and I think
I surf probably ten heats meta meta my
life and then getting on the scene feels
like a whole different ballgame you know
you got to pick the good ways and you've
got to you know you just got a surfing
right you can't just go walked in and
give it a hundred percent all the time
because sometimes you just need a five
and it's hard to stuff like that because
especially when you see great sections
you just want to go mad and but that's
you know it comes with the territory on
metal every mistakes you know you win
some you lose something and you know you
know it's I'm just learning and
hopefully she'll do a little better and
a little more
yeah my influence is definitely growing
up I'd say probably joke creamer
Justin Madison Archie I'd say Tom card
was one for sure Chris Ward I used to
watch the ton of those lost videos so
that you know that's what kind of got me
sucked and punked you try airs and
diffident of stuff I love any kind of
Point Break that has a little you know
that has good lips on them that's kind
of feathering you know you can try is
and just the kind of wave that allows
you to do more than one maneuver love
combos go you know any right Point Break
or left point brakes hissing that's what
I'm about how I kind of want to be
well-rounded I guess I say definitely
the three things that mean a lot to me
would be and this has had you know six
debts I'd say well title is definitely
up there for number one pole position
and over towards that probably Triple
Crown you know to win the Triple Crown
is probably the next best thing to a
world title and then I definitely go for
a video part in Tara's movie you know
getting the last section on that in a
movie like that it's great and you know
just kind of gives you a chance to
express yourself and you know what you
want to do in a wave